Incorporating collaborator feedback on `ww-rnaseq` pipeline (#331)
getwilds/wilds-wdl-library: pipelines/ww-rnaseq/README.md

| `star_cpu` | Number of CPU cores for STAR alignment tasks | Int | No | 8 |
| `star_memory_gb` | Memory allocation in GB for STAR alignment tasks | Int | No | 64 |
| `genome_sa_index_nbases` | STAR SA pre-indexing string length (scales with genome size) | Int | No | 14 |
| `min_counts` | Minimum counts a gene must have to pass DESeq2 pre-filtering | Int | No | 10 |

> | `min_samples` | Minimum samples meeting `min_counts` threshold (0 = use total counts) | Int | No | 0 |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `min_samples` | A gene must meet the `min_counts` threshold in this many samples to be kept. 0 = Gene is kept if its count across all samples meets the `min_count` threshold (default: 0)| Int | No | 0 |
```
I know this is long, but the current phrasing isn't very descriptive
